feat: Mail account delegation (#10335)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/groupware/mail.rst

Can be found in the action menu of a mail account. There you can edit, add or remove settings depending on your need.

Account delegation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The app allows account delegation so that one user can send emails from the address of another.

1) The delegation has to be configured on the mail server by an admin

> 2) Add the other account as alias of your own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Add the other email address as an alias for your own email account.
```
